Update Readme.md (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/obsolete-example-read-and-display-comments-from-pdf-file: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T830480)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# PDF Document API - Read and Display Comments from a PDF File

⛔ DEPRECATED. This example demonstrates how to use the [PDF Document API](https://docs.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/16491/pdf-document-api) to read comments ([sticky notes](https://documentation.devexpress.com/OfficeFileAPI/DevExpress.Pdf.PdfTextAnnotation.class)) from a PDF document. Retrieved comments' data is displayed in an [AccordionControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/114553/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control) next to the PDF document loaded into [WinForms PDF Viewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/15216/controls-and-libraries/pdf-viewer). 

> Starting from v20.2, the DevExpress PDF Document API and PDF Viewer support sticky notes (comments) out of the box. The PDF Viewer has the Comments Pane to add, edit and remove sticky notes in UI. Refer to the following blog for more information: [PDF – Sticky Notes and Comments](https://community.devexpress.com/blogs/office/archive/2020/11/17/pdf-sticky-notes-and-comments.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v20.2, the DevExpress PDF Document API and PDF Viewer support sticky notes (comments) out of the box. The Comments Pane in the PDF Viewer allows you to add, edit, and remove sticky notes in the UI. Refer to the following blog for more information: [PDF – Sticky Notes and Comments](https://community.devexpress.com/blogs/office/archive/2020/11/17/pdf-sticky-notes-and-comments.aspx).

```
